people are wishful thinkers but they
hate to take the steps or they take the
steps and it's hard you know change is
hard and people come to certain point
they're great so everything is making up
your mind mentally and not giving up but
also physically pushing through your
hardship you know when it hurts
everybody welcome to impact our goal
with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
one of the most decorated volleyball
players in US history his rise to
prominence however was deeply improbable
he grew up hard in communist-controlled
Albania and even though his father was a
volleyball coach there was very little
opportunity in their homeland after the
fall of communism the country was thrown
into such chaos that in a desperate
attempt to find an outlet for his
talents he was forced to risk his life
just for an opportunity to compete he
snuck over the mountains into Greece to
try out for a team there and during his
trip he was shot at hunted by soldiers
and chased by dogs and even though that
didn't stop him intense racial tensions
between the two countries saw him
rejected without serious consideration
despite his obvious talent devastated he
made his way back home and realizing
that bigger opportunities lay elsewhere
he and his family fled to the US not
long after once in America he began to
flourish and quickly made a name for
himself on the volleyball court
ultimately being offered a full ride
scholarship to USC he was a starting
player therefore the nationally ranked
team all four years is there and set a
number of school records including 164
career aces he was a two-time
all-american and his senior year he was
named the AVC a national player of the
year following graduation he played
professionally on both Poland and Italy
and was a member of the u.s. national
team for 12 straight years he played as
a captain in two different Olympic Games
and as a professional player he led his
team to victory in the prestigious
Italian Cup so please help me in
welcoming the 2012 US men's most
valuable volleyball player Donald su Joe
hey good thanks for being on got to be
you thank you appreciate so you're one
of the rare people that I've gotten to
know ahead of time gotten a chance to
sit down and pick your brain and hear a
little bit about your story
it is insanity it's literally insane and
I wore this shirt in your honor because
your life is the answer to the question
no what would it take so first
of all tell me what it was like growing
up in communist albania growing up you
know as a young as a young kid was
beautiful you know we didn't know
anything else you know we had a great
family great sports was very quiet
there's no crime was clean the only
thing that I noticed being young and we
were always hungry food was scarce you
know and I didn't know why I didn't know
why my parents didn't have enough food
but we're happy no we were running
around the neighborhoods playing sports
hiking on the weekends and you know
going to school having a ton of
different friends but every time my dad
we used to wake me up you know early in
the morning at 4:30 5:00 I mean to go
buy food and that to me sounded really
strange why we have to get food so early
and then realized that afternoons when
we go to the same store there's no food
left and I would watch my dad just give
me his ration of food you know his cup
of water or you know tea or you know
steak we had you know once a week to me
because he knew I was growing to me my
brother so that was really strange and
what I remember - growing up there was
was one way of thinking the governor we
were owned by the government as I
realize you know idea when I know was a
teenager was that it was one way of
thinking one way of doing things you
know the government or the city council
told you exactly how to think how to
behave how to smile what music to listen
what TV channel to watch and how to
react at school to four different types
of news and that was it was very
isolated I know the ceiling was really
low there's no thought process to
innovate or create or wanted to be the
best because if you went against the
government rules then you could you know
you'd be thrown in jail all your parents
go to jail so it was very surreal you
know to not have dreams so growing up
with no toys no cartoons we had one TV
channel one
music channel everything was made in
Albania from Albanians by Albanians they
know the outside world at all and you
know we had one pair of shoes or one
outfit a year that the government give
us or you my parents would buy it and
that's all you know there was no shoes
no to go out in the snow you know what I
grew up was big snow and you know kind
of cold weather and I remember every
night I'd come back home from practice
or school I'll just soaking wet you know
from socks the shoes to add everything
else and we dry them and wear them again
the next day so and you know it was just
harsh you know it was it was very hard
going up what was it like when you
finally come out from under that and you
start to have dreams and you start to
think like whoa my life could be more
than this was there a moment where you
were like wait a second I can do
whatever I want but I didn't know how I
don't know what the world meant the
world was a chaos for me you know as a
young kid people with guns people
getting shot my friends getting stabbed
in front of me people getting killed you
know we have a coffee or talking a
coffee shop people just drive by and
shoot pew not because they hate each
other just it was just people wild you
know they know what to do how to react
you know their brain couldn't take it
you know their mindset was completely
off I find that super interesting so
especially because you then go to the US
and your first reaction is in oh my god
this is amazing you're like I hate this
yeah so help us understand what do you
go through mentally because I think this
will reveal the way that the human mind
works the the hunger for the familiar
the not knowing what to do when you have
intense pressure and the no pressure
so what you come to America and then
what what are you going through mentally
the first month you know people helped
us the church the cousins gave us
clothes house I was sleeping with my
parents in one room you know and that's
what the first month my cousin with the
you know beautiful automobile comes in
it's like are you happy are you good
just like my god I love America this is
awesome he said okay well tomorry gonna
work like work why it's like who's gonna
pay for this
oh you I'm like you have a nice house
you have a nice car like why am I
supposed to work I'm 17 I wanna play
volleyball
he laughed at me said welcome to America
sunny
work and pay for her stuff so dad
changed my life forever because from
that moment on you know until now that
sentence like you know has kept me alive
you know the true capital is no the pure
capitalist you know you get up you work
and you pay for your own stuff you said
in communism you didn't have mindset mmm
what do you mean by mindset mindset of
you know to think mindset to get better
to be the best to dream to work hard you
know was a social I mean it was pure
communism you work certain hours you're
gonna set an amount of money the
government tells you this is your
apartment for the next 50 years till you
die getting pension you die so you you
come to America you end up doing
extraordinarily well what is the mindset
that you begin to build that allows you
to have that kind of extraordinary
success once I saw you right that's it
like I saw Tom having a nice car or
seeing like all these kids have cars and
a girlfriend and flowers and prom and
I'm like wait a second like you know
like why you have that and I don't and I
start asking this question these people
and I realize how the their process was
you know I started learning the American
mindset and that's when I started
detaching myself from being Albanian to
become an American I made I made a park
to myself I said if I want to be
successful in America I gotta be
American keep my tradition at home but
once I step out of a house I'm gonna
learn everything how to speak how to act
how to behave how to have a girlfriend
how to work better right and more
effective like I do my third job was a
waiter at the Greek restaurant you know
in Natick all of sudden are making like
thousands of dollars a month because I
was working three jobs and I'm like what
is this real do I belong here am i
American not yet but I was in a role to
become married how did you deal with
that self-doubt and that's something
that you know we'll get to again when we
talk about your injuries but like how do
you deal with self-doubt of asking
yourself do I belong am i as good as
these people how do you overcome that in
my in my opinion you have a comment by
work out working others you know I
wanted to be successful you know and
self-doubt is you know it's very dark
places right at night when I was young
kid you know there in Greece or Albania
or Boston you always doubt yourself
in Olympics you know you always died
yourself am I supposed to be here and
the next morning I'd get up and said
like you know what this week I met X
amount of dollars I'm gonna make more
because I want this you know prove you
know how to I want to prove myself
those people are making fun of me those
people that cut me those people that
told me I'll never make you know I'll
use that and get up in the morning and
outwork everybody else around me once I
saw the opportunities I said there's no
way you're gonna beat me you might be
better than me now but I'll just pure
artwork you know pure get up an artwork
your day in and day out and one of my
dad teammates had gone to Greece and
send letters you know by then we just
had handwritten letters and said this is
one opportunity for your son bring him
to Saloniki Greece which was near my
city by car was 12 hours a thing of 14
hours so my dad searched around and
wanted some of our friends used to do
this business three people over the
mountain for jobs and you know criminal
activities whatever you call it right
and I said son this is it I mean we have
no future here there's nothing no
there's no money there's no rule of law
there's nothing I mean what are you
gonna do play volleyball no nobody was
playing sports right said you gotta go
so we had guns and you know people were
chasing us and you know and it took us I
don't know we left at 6 p.m. we got in
like at 7 a.m. I think or 8 a.m. I
remember the time both we know the Sun
and as we go over the mountains in style
and we see like this black nurse said it
was a beautiful nurse area which was
crazy massive big more sedative and then
I do the math I look around I'm like
holy God we got like 12 people we're
gonna fit so my body was like he knew is
like go first they go in first in the
car so they put three people in the
front seat about six people on the back
and the rest was in the trunk whoa yeah
I mean the house that was the way to go
in and then it was like a five hour
drive and the same thing you know
because we're immigrants as we drive
this police I was like doc you know so
would you go like this the how can get
out the whole time five hours three
people here this guy was like just
flying on a freeway and drops us off in
the middle of Saloniki in this city you
know and I was like oh sweet you know
Here I am and my cousin pick me up my
dad's friend pick me up and then I go
try out for the weekend it's so crazy so
before the camera started rolling you
and I were talking about
you know what is success demand and you
said it demands everything everything so
a what do you mean by that and then be
so many people set out to be the best
why did you actually pull it off like
what is it about you your mindset you're
working at like what is it that allowed
you to see that through it takes
everything you know and what is
everything is your mind in your body you
know people are wishful thinkers you
know I want to be the best I want to be
rich I want to lose weight whatever that
you know the wishful thinking is you
know but I hate to take the steps or
they take the steps and it's hard you
know change is hard you know changing
your body changing your mind is very
hard you know and people stop and people
come to certain point they break you
know for me at young age I created this
you know really massive amount of
discipline you know and also at the
young age will push so hard physically
you know and also mentally from the
government that's why when I walk that
walk to Greece you know I'd always you
know sacrifice that down you know and I
was like that is my gold medal there I'm
gonna go for it you know my mind I
wasn't scared my body was pushing right
I was running and I was sweating I was
scared I was like you know it doesn't
matter you know I'm gonna go for it so
everything is making up your mind
mentally and not giving up but also
physically pushing through your hardship
you know when it hurts that's incredible
and and what it did for your career
obviously is is immense
where it gets really interesting though
is so you're you obviously smash records
at USC become one of the most decorated
players the school's ever put out and
then you go and you play in the Olympics
and you guys do well but you don't make
it all the way and then moving into
Beijing what like a year outers or six
months out or something
you rupture your Achilles correctly talk
to me about that what happens to your
mindset through all of that correct yeah
so to make you know to be an Olympic
team as you know it's the most amazing
thing for me as a human being right
especially coming from Albania so making
that team and representing USA the
country that first I hate
second I love to death you know it's a
was an achievement that I'll you know
forever cherish right but to be an
Olympian right you spend four years for
two weeks or maybe one week because you
might lose and get out so it's a you
know it's a crazy work work force and
discipline and mindset right so to be
able to play in Greece and then go have
a chance to go to China I was blown away
by my by my ability right when you call
about self-doubt I'm like there's no
self-doubt and I'm like man I know I'm
the man you know so I was the captain I
was at peak of you know the peak of my
career
we just lost in in Athens and as a group
we were a young group that joined the
team in 2000 we were young in Athens and
then we made a pact to ourselves that
we're gonna win gold in China we
actually made a plan how when why right
and we went to work and we're going to
work and slowly you know build that the
foundation and 2007 now I was in Italy
playing for the best team I was the
captain making a ton of money and then I
turn and then my achilles snapped I fall
down in tremendous pain because of two
ways to ruptured Achilles one comes out
you can walk and go to the doctor the
second one is the hardest thing it snaps
in half so I fall down and I see my foot
hanging and I can move my toes I mean my
toes I'm like I'm trying to an I can I'm
just crying because there's so much pain
and shock the doctor comes in you know
puts his finger in the Achilles and just
you know I mean it was just the harsh
pain you know it's like oh it's your
Achilles and I knew it Dan told that
Beijing is done I mean when he said that
I was like no and I just burst in tears
I'm like man seven years to build this
and you know the truly American dream
and hardship it's over in a matter of
one minute I want to I want to go back I
want to know more about that process go
you do the injury is there a moment of
self-doubt where you're like I'm not
gonna be able to come back from this
myself dad was like I'm done with USA
team and that scared me you know because
for me what that was the most important
thing not professionally not the money
you know being part of the USA team and
a group of guys and that you know that
amazing tournament is just you know
there's nothing like that in life you
know it was all you experience it in
Greece and now I'm the captain of the
team
so there was the number one self doubt
and that you know kind of stroke of fear
I mean I had to sit 26 days with a leg
up above your heart not move anything
and a lot of thoughts came to my mind
you know I mean thoughts about quitting
out of 32
thank God wasn't social media back then
so you know can be good you know I'm
couldn't bad right but you know friends
were supportive but they're like you
know man
32 you know maybe take the real-estate
test you know maybe think about the
future maybe think about that and then
once all these people start doubting I
start pushing me away you know even my
parents you know my parents were still
conservative in working in a small job
you know in in a small town say you know
sound I mean awesome man you made it
like what else do you want you know like
you the man like you know for Albanian
that you God that's it but I want to be
the best player in the world and I
didn't achieve that dream you know since
11 since 9 right I'm like my dream has
been to be the best in the world so why
this injury will stop me so I started
researching I said what is the comeback
time for Achilles I start doing a lot of
research and I start I made a bet with
myself was weird one of his knights you
know in Italy as I got better at weight
to three months of flight back to USA I
was drinking wine you know and I
couldn't walk you know still with with
crutches and I say you know what it's
gonna be a test between me and Achilles
honestly I mean I was like I made a bet
with myself I'm like who's gonna win so
my mind started working on that moment
on a moment of like okay how long they
take what work do I have to do how to do
it where and then once I had the plan I
just wake up every morning I was the
first one at the USA team and ice and
straight and the last one to go so was
just a simple bet meal meal the leg and
I want and so okay so how how do you
come out of that you end up not going to
Beijing and how did that moment play out
how did that affect you so when the
Olympic team every four years the summer
of Olympics the course comes in brings
all the guys about 30 40 guys I try out
for you know four years and then she
sits down and tells the team who makes
her or not it's a very very
ruthless decision right I mean I do feel
I was gonna make it right but I thought
like you know what maybe I'll be the
second set right and the coach comes in
and he said you know put the list of a
team and I I can upset the first time
Tom that I became Albanian man Benny of
me came out now just became angry and
louder you know like why do you know why
I thought you cutting me like you know I
stupid I crazy I'm cussing at the coach
he's like he gets it
thank God you know he took the high road
you know just calm me down and we're
just talking for two hours and and I was
crushed you know like I kind of went
back to that old mentality you know and
that summer I kind of give up you know
at that summer I was drinking and
playing beach volleyball for fun I was
weird it was just very odd mix of
feelings I didn't know how to control
them I had no idea back then I was
engaged and then break up with my with
my fiance - because you're drinking too
much everything when I was in a very
dark place
I was drinking too much I was angry I
became this crazy Albanian guy again you
know and I was kind of Allen aiding
people and friends I start dotting
everything right and my Italian team
that I was playing had a big contract
for three years massive amount of money
and they cut me they said we don't pay
you you know you're not ready yet I'm
like I'm ready look at me I'm jumping
I'm running no you done so that month of
August was it was very dark 2008 I mean
it was it was darker than Boston was
darker than communism of Kelsie's moms
like I made the dream I was top of the
mountain and then it was not all the
cost everyone took a second I was nobody
don't even lose your house in this
period 2008 I bought a half thousand
five and I was very happy house owner
you know and then tells Nate recession
hits and then my house devalued 50% and
I'm paying and I didn't know about
finance was too much you know
so I'm paying the same mortgage at 2005
2008 so my house was half the value I
called the Bank of America I never
forget because I went out being on the
guy - you gotta be kidding me I'll find
you Mike what about what am i doing
these guys in the IRA know in Idaho
right and I'm calling this guy like how
dare you take my money
this like pro like I can't help you got
a refinance I couldn't refinance and I
was left alone you know lost the house I
mean my fiancee left me which I love to
death
my USA team cut me I mean not let me cut
me right everything I worked so hard the
American Dream gone lost money lost my
house everything I'm like what do I do
now I just wanted to kind of get lost
forget about Europe USA team and
everything I shall be on my own you know
what's the best medicine ever you know
because that's where you really find
yourself when you own your so then walk
me through that time how do you refine
yourself because what I find so
interesting about this story is its
mindset gain mindset loss mindset gained
again and you know to be so interesting
for people to hear how you then come
back out of this you got a hit rock
bottom when they say right and I realize
that I was blaming everybody else by
myself I was like man I blame the coach
my fiancee
the team the Italian manager everybody
but me first time in my life that I was
maybe I become too cocky or confident I
don't know but I realized I was blaming
everybody else by myself so I made
another bet with myself I said I'll
never
from this moment on I'll never allow
anybody or anything else to dictate my
life it's gonna be my way if I decide to
do something and they caught me that's
fine but it is my choice I don't let the
coach cut me or put me on the bench
because he's gonna have no reason to and
I called the coach I'm like I want to
try out I was 33 34 the coach like are
you crazy I'm like I'm gonna try out you
put me at the bottom of the list I want
to earn it that and when to work instead
of getting a crappy contract I went to
Italy got a cheap contract and I proved
myself again and I became the best
seller in the world so I you know it's
you gotta hit that you know it's about
experience no my thing like if you don't
have that experience if you're not
confident to go through this experience
right people when the people when people
go through tough times they protect
themselves they go into this show right
goes and we as humans as you know you
know our mind you know from back back in
the day or was to protect yourself you
know from fire from fighting so human
mind is always
kind of like being to be no risk it's
not good for you you know to go hike
over the mountain right it's bad for you
right everything is bad and I was like
no no no I mean I could do I have to
take this raise I have to push myself
out to suffer you know after sacrifice
in order to achieve that success
otherwise I'll never be that guy that I
wanted to and that does it take to be
the best everything everything you can't
you're gonna have self doubts you're
gonna have tough moments you're gonna
have everything you know you're gonna
have people talking bad about you people
putting you down getting cut you know it
takes getting up in the morning and
doing the same thing you know
I understand people talk about a lot of
mental toughness right mental toughness
you meditate and stuff for me honestly
mental toughness is getting up in the
morning and doing the same thing day in
and day out Dane and they are for
whatever you take whatever that goal is
you know and by doing that you became
the best you know and it takes
everything I mean you have to I mean the
three aces that I love you know suffer
you know a sacrifice suffer like you
know I remember being in Boston I suffer
the third s success okay suffer
sacrifice equal success you gotta suffer
you know it's gonna be it's gonna suck
you know like I mean I worked what 15
hours a day I'll get up you know and
then trying to stay in shape imagine
that as yeah the seventeen-year-old
European in Boston was spoken English it
was a lot of suffer a lot of sacrifice
you know I don't have any friends or
girlfriend or any anywhere to go right I
was just working working working working
and then success came you know later
because I build this foundation so takes
everything you know but it's not for
long you know people think that to be
greater to be something really good it's
a lifetime it's not you know because
once you achieve that as another thing
right but by building the right
foundation day in and day out you
achieve something and that leads to
another thing opens up to different oh
that's really interesting so okay now
you finished your volleyball career what
are you doing now do you push yourself
as hard
do you have super high standards like
you did in volleyball what does that
look like well Stan is all there's the
same you know I want to be
my motor right now in the business world
is my math thank God my math was good
it's not great because once I pass the
SATs you know I SAT but I felt the
English days right so and I remember my
good math about making money in the
hospital right and once I finished my
career with volleyball I said well I'm a
two-time Olympian people say I want I'm
only open is one percent two-time
Olympian is 0.5 percent I'm like wow I
must be specially like I gotta be
confident myself I come special right
not because somebody gave to me I earned
everything
well now that's finished I mean once you
finish sports many athletes are
depressed many others a lot of problems
because it's hard to find the same thing
it's hard to replicate 40,000 people and
adrenaline and the teamwork and the
travel and people taking care of you nah
I never had to cook people bought me
tickets and food and trainers and now
you're done and it's gone and you wake
up in the morning and like I gotta buy
insurance I gotta talk to my real estate
agent I gotta make an appointment for my
doctor I gotta go to hospital for my
kids right now Mack I want to be the
two-time Olympian in the business world
that's my that's my model so I bugged
Dave mail so we might know from sports
on marketing I booked him on LinkedIn
I'd like to go a sports marketing and I
was in Irvine and I saw his company I
saw his video and I'd ride him every
every weekend a message on leading hey
Dave how are you I'm done a pseudo
telomere limp and I'm looking for a job
I mean three months four months he gave
up called me for an interview had an
interview in his office three four times
and then saying he got hired and I went
to my wife's after 6 1 Mike honey I
found this great job sports marketing I
think I love it
I don't know till Dave told me like I'm
not getting paid because his system is
he has an unpaid internship and I didn't
know what internship man I mean I didn't
do anything
so I go the first day and it's like look
you know six months is unpaid right I'm
like what is that you can do it
part-time or full-time but it's up to
you but after if you show me sales and
marketing then I'll pay you I go home
and my wife I never forget you know my
wife two-year-old Ivor's fifteen year
old boy and I'm now I'm a dad you know
and this by the way was the fiancee that
left you correct wings back because you
get your mindset in the right place I'm
persistent man I'm persistent I know I'm
persistent suffer sacrifice success
right whatever it takes whatever field
and then we're together happy right we
have this beautiful housing you know in
Huntington Beach and then I till I'm
like I don't get paid for six months
like are you crazy
and she told me this I go you crazy
because she also grew up in Russia
communism I measure in Greece and she's
European for her America is like first
time moving here she has no car we have
one car and you know it's kind of a
messy time a little bit right transition
say honey if I want to be the two-time
Olympian in the business world I can
learn the business world and nobody's
gonna teach me because I'm good-looking
an Olympian I got a go dive myself into
it so I thank God for Dave to give me
the first opportunity and teach me sales
101 I mean I was in a you know at his
room making cold calls
I was selling I mean I was consoled
confidence in the ability to sell and
build relationships and business
development and I was opening doors to
c-level guys you know because because it
was kind of the same formula cuz I
understood in volleyball world in the
sport world I made it but what is it now
and it's exactly the same formula and
actually I feel like in the business
world is it's not easier but it's more
accessible because actually in in you
know being an athlete it requires a lot
of physical activity right day in day
out you get injured we're in the
business world the kind of a persistent
actually pays off you know bigger in a
bigger terms and actually being a good
person helping others and building great
relationships so right you say that it's
the same formula what is the formula the
same mindset you know you sacrifice you
suffer for success what's that mean
making those cold calls following up you
know being a good person helping others
you know actually providing value to
business not trying to make the quick
buck you know grinding it you know
getting up in the morning and you know I
remembered that we had a golf tournament
with Dave in in Scottsdale and it said
like we need to find sponsorships I'm
like okay so I went on Google and typed
companies in Scottsdale and I got there
for now we'll start calling and making
phone calls when the other guys who go
for lunch or the guys who leave early
from the office at night I realized that
at between 6:00 to 7:00 a.m. or 4 to 6
p.m. actually people respond to email
someone ok cool so I'm going to get up
in the morning and write and linked an
email to the CEO or general manager or
the so it was the same format as I said
become an Olympian in the business world
you know and I use that formula unknown
and now because I want to be the
two-time olympian the business world
right I mean I got to work for myself I
I realized you know learning what you
impact theory and you know quest and
your story and other people's successful
stories and one of my cousins told me
like well if you want to actually make
it in America you got to work for
yourself but had to scary scary lesson
because that's you know not having that
stable salary and being a dad and having
kids you know to provide it's a pretty
frightening but I decided to make the
jump building two companies one is a
sports fitness with DJ and another one
is a English language centers around the
world very innovative using a VRS that
technology and this does I like to
finally I find my purpose and passion
honestly finally after four years I
understand what I belong in the business
world and building them right now
locally and worldwide so I'm very
excited about it that's really cool what
do you teach your kids about success
first of all to get up every day and not
work others you know being a great
teammate you know being great part of
whatever team it is you know whatever
wherever you are at school with your
friends at sports you know being a great
person around your teammates you know
and lastly it's like don't burn bridges
I told my kids in okis hours I went
through a lot of ups and downs you know
sorry I you know I burned few bridges by
mistake you know I meant those bridges
now you know I went back and apologized
you know because I was in a dark space
but you know I said you know it's you as
good as a person next to you know you as
good as that mentor or business person
or teacher or coach you know you know
alone is very hard to make it you know
and you live in a great country like
America where people will actually help
you if you ask for help but you got to
show them that you are hardworking a
good person and then success always
comes whatever that is monetary or
passion or whatever that is for you and
no it always comes if you do that work
but it's not going to come to you
nobody's going to give it to you
you know and I tell my son who's 17 and
thank God's gonna go to USC and play
volleyball I said just because you're
gonna go to USC and it's because I went
there the course I'm gonna keep you on
the team
I'm like what are you doing this weekend
what are you doing on Monday are you are
you running are you training do you have
your research are you you know art
working others are you you know
effectively getting better and he looks
at me as like home like well if not
you're gonna be even you know you're
gonna go to junior college so it's your
choice so yeah I love that
all right before I ask my last question
working these guys find you online
so you know social media normal you know
twitter facebook Instagram I am capital
at D sudra DSU xho number seven both so
at D pseudo seven as does my number for
us 18 for many years so all right sounds
good my final question what is the
impact you want to have in the world to
things you know that I finally I found
my passion is you know health and
wellness and English language why
English language I want to help
immigrants I'm an immigrant was very
difficult here to make it you know was
was there was a fine line that either I
was going dark or I was going to be
successful and I want to be able to
spread this message that you know when
things are hard when you're in a dark
place there's still light you know it's
just a matter of you know switching your
mentality and I was switching that
thought process and continue to work for
the right thing you know especially you
know in USA which is land of immigrants
you know I won't be able to spread that
message and help those people to you
know to achieve their American dream I
know and achieve that either through
teaching them English it was just you
know the number one language in the
world and we need to you know unite
through language so they can thrive in
USA and and USA can thrive from them but
also through health awareness you know
like I want people to be active and
healthy because for me sports was number
one reason they kept me alive through
communism care season and democracy
right so sports you know healthiness
force is part of health and wellness you
know through those two platforms I want
to be able to you know motivate people
to be active to be culturally inclusive
you know to get better jobs better
education and change that mindset you
know
introduced them to the three asses you
know and it's not scary just because
they sound scary they're not scary you
know it's just the way you look at them
so that's hopefully I might be
yeah Donald thank you so much man that
was incredible thank you guys this this
to me is just one of those incredible
success stories of starting with
absolutely nothing having to literally
climb a mountain to get to the other
side only to be rejected to have to find
his way in America figure out what its
gonna take learn the three asses be
willing to suffer and sacrifice in order
to make that success come true and to be
out working everybody whenever
somebody's narrative that is the
punchline I totally buy into it because
that is really what it takes and his
life has proof of that but what makes
his story so extraordinary is 2008 when
he loses everything and he's down on his
luck and even his mindset is gone and he
doesn't know what he wants to do we hit
rock bottom with the hose and the vibe
and it's such an amazing image and then
for him to claw his way back and to make
it back onto the Olympic team to have to
go back to the guy that you were pissed
off with and berating and essentially of
his own admission embarrassing himself
in front of him and getting that chance
to say okay I'll start at the bottom and
I'll work my way back up and to have the
same thing and his relationship and a
bill that all back up it really is an
incredible story none of our lives are
like this simple one-way trajectory it
is always ups and downs and it is how
you react in the down that is going to
define you and the way that he reacted
is so powerful I hope you guys took as
much from that as I did if you haven't
already be sure to subscribe and until
next time my friends be legendary
take care
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential